hey YouTube it's a gorgeous day today
and i thought i would show you guys this
brand new 2012 ford mustang GT this is
pretty much in the color that's my
favorite ford colors is called kona blue
metallic this one is a manual
transmission properly of course and you
know I'm not really much of a muscle car
fan but i have to admit i love the
mustang I not sure if I'd ever buy one
but out of all the three muscle cars the
challenger camaro even the genesis coupe
well I mean the Genesis can physically
imposing parts of Korean sports car
mustang I like the way it looks like the
way drives like the visibility and I
love the sound of that v8 you can see
the five-point Oh badges that's how you
can tell the v8 model from the side
streets or v8 specifics those are the
base rims dual exhaust in the back this
one does have the backup sensors and
it's got 18 inch wheels on to 3550 Zr
tires for release it's like this is
definitely not what I'm used to coming
from a honda dealership but wish fun to
make cars this fun it was this was a
pretty decent price 35 204 is offering
pretty good rebates on the Mustang you
can get three thousand dollars off
factory incentive so it's a Mustang now
is the time to get one especially with
that 5-liter v8 except most people I
mean I handle all the leads most people
tend to choose the v6 model which is
fine with me I mean I haven't had a
chance to drive again but some 5-liter
v8 is quick unbelievable how quick it is
you can see this gorgeous metallic
sparkles in the paint kona blue is my
favorite color I'd have to save rivals
nothing here's the interior just wishes
a GT
premium it's a fourth thing all the
gauges always do that we just got this
one on the lot too and you can see there
it has a stick wow that is a nice
sounding engine listen to that exhaust
Honda doesn't make anything this fun
that's a muscle car for you the shifter
is a six-speed of course properly when
the throws are really short I'm
definitely not used to the throws the
clutch is um really good aluminum pedals
to the clutch is pretty heavy pretty
heavy clutch this one does come with the
sink sound system the shaker audio has
pretty nice dashboard materials when the
Mustang was updated in 2010 they gave it
a soft touch dash soft touch right here
as well it even comes down to rehear a
soft touch you do have a center console
here with your USB aux input as posting
connections are cup holders here just
open the trunk traction control off
button I don't believe this is real
aluminum but it looks very nice it's not
cold like aluminum should be this one's
pretty basic in terms of options doesn't
have the sunroof or the glass roof does
have an auto-dimming rearview mirror in
terms of door materials this is hard
plastic here but it softens up right
here and it's um looks like leather the
perforated leather on the door right
there you'll notice also went on the
coupe model when you shut the door the
window comes up you'll hear when I shut
it you can hear the mechanism shut and
everything in terms of the sound system
it's really good
I mean of course but you don't buy this
car to listen to the sound system you
buy it to listen to that engine which of
course sounds really sexy
it shakes the car the freaking engine
shakes the car I can you believe that
that's pretty long ass hood to cover the
size of this v8 there you have it as a
5-liter v8 412 horsepower with intake
runners that look like a set of abs 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 pack abs you know
this is powered by Ford
412 horsepower and 390 foot-pounds of
torque if you guys want a Mustang now is
the time to get one you can also get
hids on this car pretty much have it
loaded up I would get the coop any no
convertible stinking convertible so open
the trunk that's the trunk button right
there see how big the trunk is in this
vehicle it's pretty small opening but
it's actually much better than the
camaros the Camaro has a pathetic trunk
opening indecent visibility in the
mustang vs the camaro anyways guys um if
you guys are in the market for a 2012
Mustang I definitely would recommend it
especially with the v8 model but the v6
is no slouch either but thanks for
watching guys have a great day